chore(release): Clarify helm MVU warning about postgres version upgrade procedure (#1046)
sourcegraph/docs: docs/admin/how-to/upgrade-postgres-12-16-builtin-dbs.mdx

## Helm

> Unlike other deployment methods, Helm charts function as a complete unit and don't allow upgrading only the database components independently. Therefore, the PostgreSQL upgrade must be performed as part of a full Sourcegraph version upgrade.

Reviewer: I think this is more of a limitation of how we have structured our helm charts, versus a limitation in helm in general as a templating system. I would suggest:
```suggestion
When using the in-cluster PostgreSQL databases included in the Sourcegraph Helm chart, database upgrades are integrated with the overall application upgrade process and there is no mechanism to upgrade only the PostgreSQL containers independently. Therefore, the PostgreSQL upgrade must be performed as part of a full Sourcegraph version upgrade.

For production deployments, we recommend using external PostgreSQL databases, which allows for more flexible database management outside the Helm deployment lifecycle.
```

### Required Upgrade Path

<Callout type="warning">Sourcegraph versions `v6.0.x` and later require PostgreSQL 16 and will not connect to PostgreSQL 12 databases. This means any direct upgrade from versions earlier than `v5.10.3940` to any version `v6.0.x` or later will fail because the migrator in `v6.0.x` and later cannot connect to PostgreSQL 12 to perform the upgrade.</Callout>

To safely upgrade PostgreSQL in Helm deployments:

1. **First upgrade to an intermediate version**:
   - Upgrade to either Sourcegraph `v5.10.3940` or `v5.11.6271` using the [helm multi-version upgrade procedure](/admin/deploy/kubernetes#multi-version-upgrade-procedure) or [standard upgrade procedure](/admin/deploy/kubernetes#standard-upgrades)
   - These specific versions include the necessary PostgreSQL upgrade scripts to safely migrate from PG12 to PG16

2. **Verify the PostgreSQL upgrade** (optional):
   - You can verify the PostgreSQL version has been successfully upgraded by connecting to the database:
     ```bash
     kubectl exec -it pgsql -- psql -U sg -c "SELECT version();"
     ```

>    - The output should show PostgreSQL 16.x

Reviewer: Just curious, aren't we locked to a specific postgres 16 version in these Sourcegraph versions? If so, could we make this note a bit more precise?

Author: Ahh good point yea, I think its 16.6, but actually and 16 version would do
